hi you're in the emergency room in the
Philadelphia City Hospital
now some questions where are you sitting
on the train
against the window in the passenger car
yes
you're certain you were in the passenger
car yeah where are the other passengers
your train derailed took a curve too
fast the second train collided with
yours after derailed that debris spread
over one mile why are you looking at me
like that there are two reasons why I'm
looking at you like this one because it
seems you aren't the only survivor of
this train wreck in - you don't have a
scratch on you I know what's going
through the mind right now just
searching for meaning in all of this
know one thing
131 people died so you could find me to
understand the destiny for what you were
born are you ready for the truth
[Music]